Dylan Markovic
CS362-400
Bugs Found in Adam Venezia's Dominion Code

Several bugs were discovered in Adam Venezia's Dominion Code.
1.	In the scoreFor function, the score calculated for the deck was using
the number of cards in the discard pile to iterate the loop.  This obviously leads to an incorrect score. If the
player has only 1 card in his discard pile and 300 in his deck, the calculation will skip 299 possible treasure cards.
the second problem with scorefor is the calculation for the gardens.  Gardens is worth 1 point for every 10 cards in 
the players deck, therefore the calculation should not use fullDeckCount, but simply G.deckCount[currentPlayer].

2.	Smithy was never discarded after it was played.

3. 	Village was never discarded after it was played.

4.  Great Hall was never discarded after it was played.

5.  For the Adventurer Card, several bugs are present.  The player did not end with the correct number of cards in his hand
(he should have the same number + 2 drawn treasure -1 adventurer, so 1 extra card in total).  For my unit test, the player
should have ended up with only treasure cards in his hand, this was not the result.  The player also endup up with an incorrect 
number of discard and deck cards, indicating the player is drawing too many, or not discarding enough, or both.

My randomly tested cards were Great Hall, Smithy, and Adventurer.  The random tests had the same results as the unit testing.
Meaning Great Hall and Smithy were never discarded, and the Adventurer Card was ending up with wrong number of cards in his
hand, deck, and discard pile.  By the random tests having consistent results that were the same as the unit testing, I can 
be more confident that the errors in the cards are not caused by random states of the game.  The player using the card, the 
state of the game, the position of the card in the players hand, and the number of players are most likely not factors
in the bugs because the random tests should not have failed every encounter if this was the case.
